Hello, and welcome back to Angular 2 Essential
training.
In this section we’ll be discussing directives.
You can think of a Directive in Angular as
an HTML element or attribute that is used
to extend and enhance our HTML.
There are 3 different types of directives
in Angular.
The first is Component Directives.
These are directives that have a template.
So any time that we create a component and
use its selector inside of our template, we
have created a component directive.
We’ve already used this type of directive
a couple times inside of our AppComponent
and BooksList Component.
The second type of directive is structural
directives, also known as Built-in directives.
These are directives that come pre-shipped
with Angular.
These types of directives change the DOM layout
by adding and removing DOM elements.
In the previous lesson we used the NgIf directive.
A few others we’ll look at in this section
include NgFor as well as NgStyle.
And the third type of directive is the attribute
directive.
Attribute directives change the appearance
or behavior of an element.
These are custom directives that are created
using a directive decorator and applied inside
html tags.